DOC-2270: add entry to `TinyMCE 7.0 release notes` for mention of removal of `force_hex_color`. (#3158)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0-release-notes.adoc

[[removed]]
== Removed

> === Removed `force_hex_color` option, with the default now being all colors are forced to HEX format and as lower case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Removed `force_hex_color` option, with the default now being almost all colors are forced to HEX format and as lower case. With the exception being RGBA, they are left as is.
```

Reviewer 2: That could be mentioned in the body rather than the heading I think

Author: Do we want to update the body then, and modify the title? Im happy to let you guys decide on this one.

Author: Leaving the title as is, as the `With the exception being RGBA, they are left as is` was added to the body.

// #TINY-10436

> Previously in {productname} 6, all colors in the content HTML where set to use `RGB` values by default. As the common practice is using `hex` values this change will be **reverted**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously in {productname} 6, all colors in the content HTML were set to use `rgb` values by default. As the common practice is using `hex` values this change has been **reverted**.

As a result, in {productname} 7, all colors are converted to use `hex` values. The exception being `rgba` color values, they are left as is.
```
